In this section of the course, we'll learn about variables and constants.
It's virtually impossible to write a c++ program without using variables.
Variables are a fundamental concept in programming languages.
First, we're learned what variables are and how to declare them so we can use them.
There are rules for how we name our variables,
and there are also styled issues to discuss as we go along.
Then we'll go over some of the primitive types in c++
such as integers,
floating point numbers Booleans and characters.
We'll also learn how to determine how much storage is allocated to variables
by using the size of operator.
Then we'll learn about constants, what they are
and what they're used and why they're so important to keeping our code correct and modifiable.
We'll learn how to declare and use constants, understand literals and constant expressions.
This section is very straightforward and easy to understand.
However, the concepts you'll learn in this section
service fundamental building blocks in c++ programming
since nearly every program you ripe will have variables and constants.
Lets get started.